add templates, CoC and contributing guide (#126)
OpenAccess-AI-Collective/axolotl: .github/SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

Due to the nature of the fast development that is happening in this project, only the latest released version can be supported.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> If you find a vulnerability, please contact us on twitter @asimdotshrestha rather than creating a GitHub issue to allow us some time to fix it before it is a known vulnerability to others.

Reviewer: Require change contact

> If you find a vulnerability, please contact us on twitter @asimdotshrestha rather than creating a GitHub issue to allow us some time to fix it before it is a known vulnerability to others.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you find a vulnerability, please contact us on  [Discord](https://discord.gg/xcu3ECkH9a) rather than creating a GitHub issue to allow us some time to fix it before it is a known vulnerability to others.
```
